Hi, I'm a traitor, I live.
represent that exchanges that staged that
suction becomes smaller
after all the Goians sanitized on the scoreboard to
staff did a job that a patrol in the
time to change anything I like and run at
the curd of 17 and see where
four per heath there the family will have the
seek family and also door and
also done on the woman there because
means the same today he set the wind
and we who owe only one job
for cheese in the slit is that this
work during that uncle Jorge
give up for me baby fight
The subject of the fk arrived already a corpse
the frontier already abandoned for me
fires of Catalonia and August
lately hit braz shook the Molicar
all in woman's patrol actions
Lucia and she where the ball touches the ball.
To advance that will be to stay here would make
moments last knot the benefit that
This is Marcelo Invert.